# Week 1 – Vision and Components

Hello everybody,

Doesn't it quickly become confusing to organize the housekeeping and budget when you live in a shared flat? At this point our Android-App "WGPlaner"comes into play. "WGPlaner"allows you to simplify your daily life in a shared flat and provides various ways to manage your purchases, your accounting, your tasks and your notes on which your other roommates may comment.

Because of our "Will for Simplification" we would like to shape our registration process as intuitive and easy as possible. The user, who creates a shared flat in our app, gets a key which he can use to invite his roommates. In this manner, we avoid a complex way of user registration and ensure that the user doesn't have to give away personal data.

After the registration, the user is redirected to the shopping list, where you can easily handle your joint purchases, as well as your own. The bought items can be cashed up at the accounting section. This section provides the possibility to send out bills, to create overhead costs and to bill your costs. Furthermore, you can simply filter all your billing data and look at statistics.

At the pinboard section, you can create topics on which you and your roommates can exchange views or you can inform them about happenings or events. Or if you would rather use messengers like WhatsApp to discuss and share information, you can do so as one can easily share bills and tasks through "WGPlaner"

We plan on creating an android application with Java. Therefore no iOS version will be available.
