# Continuous Delivery &amp; Installation

Hi folks,  
as our project comes slowly to its end, today is all about continuous delivery
and installation. So keep on reading if you want to get some insights on how
we manage continuous delivery and how you can install our android app.

## Continuous Delivery

> Continuous Delivery is the ability to get changes of all types—including
> new features, configuration changes, bug fixes and experiments into production,
> or into the hands of users, safely and quickly in a sustainable way.

To do so we have integrated continuous delivery into TravisCI which automatically
triggers the deployment process whenever a new GitHub-Tag is created.

During the process of deployment TravisCI builds, compiles and tests our source
code to verify that the application is ready for deployment. Finally TravisCI
creates a new signed `.apk` and pushes it to GitHub releases.

*See [GitHub releases](https://github.com/WGPlaner/wg_planer/releases)*

Besides the automatic deployment of our android application, our server uses
automatic deployment as well. You can find the server builds
[here](https://bintray.com/bugwelle/wg_planer_server/wg_planer_api).

*NOTE:* If you want to set up your own WGPlaner server you have to change
the android app as well, because our android app uses the domain of our
own server. That is why we won't explain to you how to install the server.
If you really are interested in settings up your own WGPlaner server and app,
feel free to contact us.

## Installation
As mentioned above you can find all releases in our GitHub repository at
the releases section assigned with version tags.

To install one of the `.apk` files your android phone has to have at least
Android 4.4 (KITKAT) installed. Follow this guide to install the application:

<ol>
    <li><i>Download the version you have chosen from GitHub releases</i></li>
    <li><i>Make sure you're allowed to install applications from unknown sources. If you're not:</i>
    <ol>
        <li><i>Go to settings</i></li>
        <li><i>Navigate to security</i></li>
        <li><i>Check "unknown sources"</i></li>
    </ol>
    </li>
    <li><i>Go to your download folder</i></li>
    <li><i>Tap on the downloaded WGPlaner.apk and install it</i></li>
</ol>
